README.md, before:

<!--
*** Credit to https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template for basic markup template.
-->


<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">YOUR_TITLE</h3>

  <p align="center">
    YOUR_SHORT_DESCRIPTION
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Roadmap](#roadmap)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Simple starting template to be refined as project is developed.


### Built With

* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
```sh
npm install npm@latest -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler.git
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
npm install
```



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_



<!-- ROADMAP
## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).
--> 



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

This was a proejct built for entertainment purposes, Any contributions my be reviewed... or not. In case you find yourself bored beyond measure: 

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under The Unlicense. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

<!-- Your Name - [@twitter_handle](https://twitter.com/twitter_handle) - email -->

Project Link: [https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler](https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler)



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements

* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links --> [contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square [contributors-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/lawrence-w-smith
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

Commit message:

Add Roadmap thoughts and update description

README.md, after:

<!--
*** Credit to https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template for basic markup template.
-->


<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Simple WebCrawler</h3>

  <p align="center">
	A simple web crawler in C# microservices. 
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Roadmap](#roadmap)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Simple starting template to be refined as project is developed.
A simple web crawler in C# microservices. 

Requirements:
	Only crawl single domain, do not follow external links.
	Output should present a Site Outline / Map.
	System should be able to be built, tested, and executable.

Time constraint decisions:
	Uses REST services for intra node communication, in liu of event or message.
	Uses in memory DB for simplicity.



### Built With
* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
```sh
npm install npm@latest -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler.git
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
npm install
```



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Feature Roadmap / Considerations
- Implement completion tracking for a domain
- Implement a Spam contol layer so app does not DOS target site
- Replace Orchastration layer with Pub/Sub Event layer
- Implement external Logger
- Enhancement for pages that require rendering, e.g. React pages
- Persistant storage solution, GraphDB seems like a good candidate for maping
	- Seperate Data layer (CQRS) Collectors into Command service
	- Seperate Data layer (CQRS) Providers into Query service

See the [open issues](https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

This was a proejct built for entertainment purposes, Any contributions my be reviewed... or not. In case you find yourself bored: 

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under The Unlicense. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

<!-- Your Name - [@twitter_handle](https://twitter.com/twitter_handle) - email -->

Project Link: [https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler](https://github.com/lwsmith35/SimpleWebCrawler)



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements

* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links --> [contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square [contributors-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/lwsmith35/repo.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/lwsmith35/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/lawrence-w-smith
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
